hi guys today I got a book haul I'm
sorry for my English I don't look here
live in Mexico um my name is Alexa and
just like the first video ever made so
yeah the first cuz i got is withering
Heights by Emily Bronte and yeah I
cannot wait to read this because it's
about romance and it's classic great
combination I know um in the second book
that I got a jane eyre by charlotte
brontë and I hate to cover but it was
the only one day God so yeah and the
third book it's a book that I read and
it's we also have summer by Jenny Han
and give the third buckner summer series
and i totally recommend this series i
literally cry crying this book it's not
like that Brahma but I don't know it's
the last token you know um so the other
book that I got today is clever angel by
Cassandra Clare and I love the cover I
think it's so pretty so gorgeous i love
it and the next book that I got is
Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins and i'm so
excited this because it's a third book
in the hunger games i'm so excited
because you're actually going to make a
movie with Jennifer Lawrence's Katniss
and just had resumed his feet I so I'm
so excited I'm sorry I just sites I'm
certied like all the time sorry because
I'm very happy to add all these books on
I'm so excited um the other one is
diaper jammed by Veronica Roth and this
is like really really popular and dude
YouTube um and I misdirected writer at
this
and the next book is cydia hole and Jos
by Cassandra Clare and yeah I can't wait
so those are like all of the books I got
this bleak um I normally don't do like a
lot of house but just like a pretty big
one for me so but I'm please subscribe
and hope you like the video I